#Business
###User Interface and Experience must be worlds top class.
###Should fluent running with low bandwidth
###Every part should have graphical view
###Every ERP-System must have Android+IOS+Desktop App
###Dashboard is First priority, at first have to ensure that, Admin how satisfy using that, they must know about 
###daily, monthly, yearly how about profit how about their cost behind their business how about their cost about daily purpose.


    01.Doctor's Point
    02.Micro Store Grocery
    03.E-Courier Service
    04.Resturent Management Service
    05.Transport Management System
    06.Micro Deal
    07.Food Specialist
    
    
    
    
Judgemyself webapp with android...
	1. Every month 5 test exam for admission test student and Bcs candidates.....
	2. Admission test help system
	3. Job alerts: created account can get alerts...
	We through the job for various departments student and according to their status about student the get only those job, whose they can apply....
	4. We influenced various schools and colleges to take their admission test using our site....
	5. We take gk test, programming test using our site
	6. Admission test student help service:
	Specifically room booking, mapping etc etc....
	
	
	Smart Transport System
	• Each Bus only have one Driver: High Paid.
	• Each Seat Contains Keypad and display.
	• Bus contain a location tracker.
	• Bus always connected with Internet.
	• Theres no ticket counter, any one can purchase ticket from online,
	Our website.
	• When a bus start from garage it have been must loaded its data by internet or by usb pendrive from a special types of database.
	• Each bus contain android driven monitor and os to manipulate all functionality like fan,lite of each seats.
	• A buses data is a dataset of its daily ticket numbers of each seat and contains which seat is filled from which station,
	And which seat is not unlocked by  passenger's is shown to drivers.
	• All seats are not the same price.
	• When a passenger takes seat that time it press its keypad with that digit which he got from online.
	• When a passenger purchase its ticket it will ask his phone no and the location from where the passenger will get in, that time server generate an unique id with bus number and send the info about expected time when it reaches on that spot. The track id contain a decimal number with dot before dot it contains its bus number and after dot contain unique identification number and these number loaded from database to buses OS.
	If any one clicks on its soft ticket or locate by entering the ticket id on our apps it will finds the bus location and return the expected duration of time to reach on that spot,
	And when it reaches around its spot the app got an notification about that bus and the bus wait there at most 5 min if passenger lates,
	Aftee this time if he lost the bus,
	The database shows the seat is empty and it only shows for those station which station the bus not yet reach and it will be sold with half rate of price.
	When a passenger want to buy a ticket at first it ask the source station crom where it get in,
	Then it shows all availavle bus seats and and theirs time to get in,
	And also the half rated seats also which is canceled by passenger's. 


Pick to me
	• A web app for multinational purposes mainly start from our country.
	• Everyday theres much more people move from here to there.
	• They can easily pick something for another people when they visit from anywhere.
	• Like.
	I want to go to my home from dhaka to bakshiganj.
	Then I can subscribe any time before my flight and there I have to put my available carryIn and carryOut places,
	Suppose my carryIn places are ,Dhaka,Mymensing,Jamalpur,and my CarryOut places are Mymensing,Jamalpur,Bakshiganj
	With available approximate time of reach and leave and from source to destination carrying cost and user can mutual the cost.
	
	Two search type:
	 
	From bearer,
	Whose whose goods have to destination and source are matched and can send request and with cost and maximum transporting weight where sender can select the bearer with time.
	
	Another way:
	Consumer can search which which user are available for transport..
	With filter weight type and cost and source and destination.
	
	
	Transaction types:
Ipay,bkash,rocket,payoneer,paypal,mastercard
