#Doctor's Point:-> Need a Best User Interface and should run the app at low bandwidth
    From Anywhere if any one search for a specific specialist 
    if they provide specific location[current-location/thana/district/division/country/around-world] then search for those location
    then it find the best specialist for that criteria
    with ranking and cost and length of destination.
    any one can make serial to any clinic or hospital or doctor's personal assistant.
    and some portion of money from serial are gave to clinic they 
    give me the money by atm or bank if they don't pay, they cant get 
    anymore access with their account like UBER:
    
##At first need
    01.All doctor's id,name,designation and what type of diseases problem they solved are collected by our employee.
    02.All clinic and their doctor's list are collected by their own:
        each and every clinic has their own ID and they can populate their id by their service
        doctor list, clinic location, which type service how should pay
        as like as everything, and they have queuing process of waiting list.
    03.Each and every client if make order by our service-app then the clinic or hospital
        should pay a portion of percentage to us at the end of the month.
    04.At first as much as we can, our team go here & there to open id for clinic
        at free cost and populate them, and if any clinic want to open id at their ow respect
        then they need to pay us 5000TK, cause we don't know, that they has or hasn't any clinic yet,
        and for the sake of filtering the bad guyes we need the paying system.
    05.After any clinic service taken by any one, any one can marking-> negetive or positive marking.
       if any negetive or positive marking are crossed our thresshold then we need to investigate
       about that clinic or hospital and we need to fixed rating to that clinic;
       
    06.when anyone search about any service, that time positive marking clinic list appear first.
    07.if anyone give mark to the doctor or clinic then they need to login first and it doesn't take the same 
        id more than one rating.
    08.if a clinic located on district A and it was rating by a person who's homeland is in district B then
        it is multiply by 10 than district's A person and 
        same role apply for thana but it is multiply by 3 
        same role apply for division but it is multiply by 30 
        same role apply for country but it is multiply by 3000
    10.If any one give rating, at first they need to take service on that clinic and then on that service he/she can give
        rating only.
    11.


    
