#Resturent Management Service

    Every well-known Resturent has been used our 
    ERP-Based Service with Android App.
    May or May not they used our hosted service or they can
    use our service their local server and serve them
    using wifi network.
    
    We develop our product as mentioned as hosting site
    
##Flow:
    Suppose:
    some kind of people or group of people went a resturent and they 
    find a tab on the table which showing all availavle types
    of food and bevarage with their price, and if they 
    order something like:
        i. One Pizza with tomtto souce
        ii. 1Litre Coke and 1/2 Litre Sprite
        that time 
        there's some kind of background task happened:
            a.How Much they have to pay[including resturent service charge] to the resturent, they can see instantly.
            b.How much time they should wait.
            c.The Request was gone at first resturent admin[he can approve or make the system auto-Approve]
                then it goes to 
                    a. Pizza Kitchen, where the kitchen's employee see their waiting list on their tab, in front of their desk.
                    b. Cool-Drinks Zone[and their's was a decission, like if the cool drink was ping-able like pizza and coke
                        must be together, then the coke boy wait for the ping from the same order number, that everything is 
                        ready for that order number[Order number are marked with random color]
                        then the boy received the ping and serve the coke to client
                        
                        otherwise if the coke is only one order then it was not a pingable order and when it was 
                        ordered, that time it instantly served.
                        and after eat food they can give the payment by 
                        
                            1.hand-cash    
                            2.bKash
                            3.credit/debit card
    2.Any One can order food from home, for delivery;
    3. Any one can order food for ready prepare and they can take it 
        their own respect from resturent.
        
        
        
    1.Admin can See everything.
        1.How much food's are sold to client. show details and graphical view
        2.How much profit are gained, till now today, till now last month till now last 3 month and custom are viewed by using details and custom statistical graph
        3.How much cost for today and as like as profit
   
    
