#Transport Management System

    Smart Transport System
    	• Each Bus only have one Driver: High Paid.
    	• Each Seat Contains Keypad and display.
    	• Bus contain a location tracker.
    	• Bus always connected with Internet.
    	• Theres no ticket counter, any one can purchase ticket from online,
    	Our website.
    	• When a bus start from garage it have been must loaded its data by internet or by usb pendrive from a special types of database.
    	• Each bus contain android driven monitor and os to manipulate all functionality like fan,lite of each seats.
    	• A buses data is a dataset of its daily ticket numbers of each seat and contains which seat is filled from which station,
    	And which seat is not unlocked by  passenger's is shown to drivers.
    	• All seats are not the same price.
    	• When a passenger takes seat that time it press its keypad with that digit which he got from online.
    	• When a passenger purchase its ticket it will ask his phone no and the location from where the passenger will get in, that time server generate an unique id with bus number and send the info about expected time when it reaches on that spot. The track id contain a decimal number with dot before dot it contains its bus number and after dot contain unique identification number and these number loaded from database to buses OS.
    	If any one clicks on its soft ticket or locate by entering the ticket id on our apps it will finds the bus location and return the expected duration of time to reach on that spot,
    	And when it reaches around its spot the app got an notification about that bus and the bus wait there at most 5 min if passenger lates,
    	Aftee this time if he lost the bus,
    	The database shows the seat is empty and it only shows for those station which station the bus not yet reach and it will be sold with half rate of price.
    	When a passenger want to buy a ticket at first it ask the source station crom where it get in,
    	Then it shows all availavle bus seats and and theirs time to get in,
    	And also the half rated seats also which is canceled by passenger's. 
