##Transport & E-Ticket Management System

    Like SHOHOZ.COM We provide our Website for multiple Transport-Agencies, they use our Product & we provide our app also.
    01 . Each car contain one GPS-Tracer which can trace all car's.
    02 . Only Agency Admin and his provided car-admin can see their car's movement through our app.
    03 . Due to Security Reason all Car's device ID-Hash are hidden, and when a car is trace by car-admin, it will send a request on server and server 
            find out the car's location and give back the coordinate of gps, which was every-minute uploaded by each individual car.
    04 . Each Day and Each Trip each seat has given unique id, which was given by our server 
            when ticket was purchased, and the passengers of the transport's when 
            input on their app, it will show their current bus location, and their 
            seat number, like [E2], and the bus will must be wifi provided.
            and the password was given on each ticket,
            and every pessanger can send messsage to every seat number, and the conversation like
            
            [E2]=> Hi!
                    Hello ! <=[H1]
                    
    05. Since, every Seat has unique ID, so any-one can purchase their ticket
        by paying by bKash or any transaction app, and by using track id, they can buy ticket
        and it will give a unique-Seat Id, with wifi-password of that bus, and a online version 
        of E-Ticket was shown on user's app, and on bus seat, when user say to the bus contacter
        the track-Id or show-the app's E-Ticket, they verify it.
    06. Any Passenger can send their Ticket to Another person, by Java-Transaction API.
    07. At a full journey lifetime, like Jamalpur-Dhaka, each complete journey A passenger 
        can trace his bus, and can send their bus trace id to any-one, and after complete the 
        journey, it won't work anymore.
    08. Every Bus has a TAB, where they define which which point they are interested to pick their pessenger.
        Thus, if A Bus start it's point from nilakhia, and if they have only 5 passenger and they interested to pick their 
        passenger from jhograrchor, they open it, and define location, and if any passenger buy ticket from jhograrchor,
        they got notified and before reach at jhograr-chor, the bus got an alert to stop their bus.
    09. Each Ticket purchase we take only 1TK from Purchase, Leftover TK gone to the BUS-ADMIN's Account.
    10. Any-One can bye ticket by using phone or APP OR WEB.
    11. NO-NEED To ANY TICKET-COUNTER.
    12. ALL TRANSACTION TYPES ARE ACCEPTED.
    13. 
    
