##1.UMS
####A User Management System
        Where Admin Or Super Admin Or UMS_ADMIN Can Assign Dynamically ROLE and RIGHTS To User.
####Activity:
    1. Module: It Represent The Actual Module of Project, Like 
        i.     HRM
        ii.    UMS
        iii.   SIS(Student Information System)
        iv.    MPO
    2. Sub-Module: It is the Sub-section of a Modules, like HRM module has, EmployeeInfo,BankInfo,ChildInfo
       and these are the sub-modules.
    3. Action:
    4. Role Assign:
    5. User Create:


##Business Logic:

    i    [UmsAction] hold the action name and Authority from Authority.name, where name is used as a mask of authority, that's why every body knows and get idea about action.name like:
            action.name:User Management Permission
            action.authority: ROLE_USER_MANAGEMENT
    ii   [UmsActionGroup] it hold some of action with one-to-many relationship, like collection of UmsAction.
    iii  [UmsSubModule] It hold the name of section under a module, Like:
            i   User Management Action Setup 
            ii  User Management Module Setup 
            iii User Management Sub Module Setup 
    iv   [UmsModule] It is A Collection of Submodule:
            Like above all submodules are under UMS Module.
    v    [UmsActionGroup] It is A Collection of UmsAction.
    vi   [UmsRole] It is A collection of [UmsActionGroup].
    vii  [UmsRoleMapping] It is a mapping for User and their role's, for deciding and assign role to user.



##View Part:
    When it comes to user end, then the task is 
        01.Flexibility
        02.User Friendly
        
    There are three tree view on User-Management-System.
    
    One is: for User Group Setup
    Another is  User Role Setup
    & Another One is User Role Mapping:
    
    when Action Group Setup:
    
        #Module X:
            *Submodule x1:
                .action a1
                .action a2
            *Submodule x2:
                .action a1
                .action a2
        #Module X2:
            *Submodule x1:
                .action a1
                .action a2
            *Submodule x2:
                .action a1
                .action a2
    That time action group setup person pic one by one action as check box
    and put them together and make them as actionGroup;
    
    Like That Role Setup has also tree view:
    Like That Role Mapping has also tree view and when times to assign role on user.
