##AFMS: [Approval Flow Management System]
    Like Notification:
        When an user login or getAccount when refreshing link
        that time it will fetch two additional info:
            01. Is There any Notification Waiting for User.
            02. Is There any Approval Flow waiting for that User.












####WHEN ADMIN GO ON AFMS:
    ADMIN GIVE A Name of Approvals;
    HE can See the Dropdown of domain's Name; WHen select a domain, he saw it's all infos, like TABLE NAME.
    HE CAN SElect any one from two type of threshold ; [A Threshold value is a value by which AFMS detect at which position currently the column was remain in]
        [THRESHOLD-TYPE]
        * SQL SELECT
        * FIELD SELECT
        
        [Threshold-Value]
        **SQL SELECT[V1]: A SQL Select Statemen is a statement which must return one and only one value on it's first column;
        **FIELD SELECT: A Field name whose we fetch from that domain we are selected from dropdown of domains are annotated with @Column
    [NOW AT THAT POSITION WE GOT OUR THRESHOLD VALUE: AS [[TH]] ]
    THEN WE MOVE OUR NEXT STEP:
    [EACH AND EVERY FLOW WE HAVE AT LEAST TWO COMMON STEP]
    *START:
            It wants a threshold value from user to detect the domains current status and by which it will detect this is the entry point of approval of that domain;
            Then it want also a List of Authority-Action and give a radio option also that, is that authorities are used for [1.hasRole,2.hasAnyRole,3.hasAnyNoRole,4.hasNoRole] like i provide [ROLE_ADMIN,ROLE_USER] and also select the radio of hasNoRole, then it will show the start step to those user whose authority doesn't contain these two role besidely together.
            Then It Also Provide a SQL Text Box where it provide a NAMED_SQL_PARAM $current_user, it is used to detect the entities step is waiting for the current user's approvals or not, and obviously whic must return the list of selected domains id; SUPPOSE YOU select the Institute domain, and that step you want a sql_, Now PROVIDE A SQL: 
                        SQL_SELECT[V2][
                        
                            SELECT inst.id 
                            from Institute inst
                            inner join department dept on inst.id=dept.inst_id
                            inner join DepartHead dh on dh.dept_id=dept.id
                            inner join User usr on usr.id=dh.usr_id
                            where usr.id=:current_user_id;
                            
                            ]
                            It is used for a approval, which is waiting for department head response.
                          
                  [HOW IT WORKS]
                   AT FIRST A DOMAIN WAS PICK FROM AFMS FLOW, THEN it call a method which is accept the domain_name and it will return list of threshold constants using the authority-action's;
                        like I am a department head and My institute has 5 diferent approval flow and from there 3 of them has approval action of mine, 1 is when employee added that time it at first approved from dept_head then admin then again dept_head, so there is two several threshold value for approval for 
                        dept-head and leftover one is institute name change only one time approve by dept_head.
                        so when it pick a domain name, it also search all of step according to their hasAnyRole,hasRole etc and if any of them 
                        was match, then it takes it's correspondent threshold_value and collect them then return them back;
                        
                        then AFMS find all institute_info using SQL_SELECT[V2] and get all the List of id,
                        and apply SQL_SELECT[V1] using institue where id in [list of ids]
                        then return the domain's entity row list.
                        
            THEN it want the selected field's whose are showing to the user when it was in the current step of approval.
            then it want action button with their correspondent value for threshold field, and any other field or SQL_UPDATE_STATEMENT if he want to update, which can be addMore. and action button also can addMore. if user select a any one action and then it send the action order[According to Entry] and the approval-step to the AFMS and then it set all the field_value whose are managed to update when step created, the threshold value  and SQL Update Statement if any Provided; 
    










